[Serverless] Add Datadog-CLI instrumentation option to additional runtimes (#13208)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/installation/dotnet.md

Datadog offers many different ways to enable instrumentation for your serverless applications. Choose a method below that best suits your needs.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Datadog CLI" %}}

The Datadog CLI modifies existing Lambda functions' configurations to enable instrumentation without requiring a new deployment. It is the quickest way to get started with Datadog's serverless monitoring.

> You can also add the command to your CI/CD pipelines to enable instrumentation for all your serverless applications. Run the command _after_ your normal serverless application deployment, so that changes made by the Datadog CLI command are not overridden.

Reviewer: What is the command?

Author: The commands are down a bit under their respective headers. This is the same format used for the other runtimes as well and it just walks through what the CI is, how to set it up and then the commands to use.

Reviewer: Okay, thanks. How about "instrumentation command"? Or "instrumentation and installation commands" if it's both? And linking it to the respective section(s)?

> You can also add the command to your CI/CD pipelines to enable instrumentation for all your serverless applications. Run the command _after_ your normal serverless application deployment, so that changes made by the Datadog CLI command are not overridden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add the [instrumentation command](#command) to your CI/CD pipelines to enable instrumentation for all your serverless applications. Run the command _after_ your normal serverless application deployment, so that changes made by the Datadog CLI command are not overridden.
```

> You can also add the [instrumentation command](#command) to your CI/CD pipelines to enable instrumentation for all your serverless applications. Run the command _after_ your normal serverless application deployment, so that changes made by the Datadog CLI command are not overridden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add the [instrumentation command](#instrument) to your CI/CD pipelines to enable instrumentation for all your serverless applications. Run the command _after_ your normal serverless application deployment, so that changes made by the Datadog CLI command are not overridden.
```

### Install

Install the Datadog CLI with NPM or Yarn:

```sh
# NPM
npm install -g @datadog/datadog-ci

# Yarn
yarn global add @datadog/datadog-ci
```

### Configure credentials

> For a quick start, configure Datadog and [AWS credentials][1] using the following command. For production applications, consider supplying the environment variables or credentials in a more secure manner.

Reviewer: I think the command is missing here?

Author: This is just us explaining how to set up the credentials for the terminal prior to providing the commands for isntrumenting the functions.

Reviewer: Thanks, I updated the suggestion to say "instrumentation command" and linked it to the section.

> For a quick start, configure Datadog and [AWS credentials][1] using the following command. For production applications, consider supplying the environment variables or credentials in a more secure manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a quick start, configure Datadog and [AWS credentials][1] using the following command. For production applications, provide credentials in a more secure manner by using environment variables. For example:
```

```bash
export DATADOG_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>"
export DATADOG_SITE="<DD_SITE>" # such as datadoghq.com, datadoghq.eu, us3.datadoghq.com or ddog-gov.com
export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="<ACCESS KEY ID>"
export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="<ACCESS KEY>"
```

### Instrument

> **Note**: Instrument your Lambda functions in a dev or staging environment first! Should the instrumentation result be unsatisfactory, run `uninstrument` with the same arguments to revert the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Instrument your Lambda functions in a dev or staging environment first. Should the instrumentation result be unsatisfactory, run `uninstrument` with the same arguments to revert the changes.
```

Reviewer: What would unsatisfactory be?

Author: I'm not sure what the intent was because I copied most of this from the existing docs. I assume an example would be if the instrumentation didn't go as expected and the wrong layer version were applied.

Reviewer: Thanks, I updated the suggestion.

To instrument your Lambda functions, run the following command:

```sh
datadog-ci lambda instrument -f <functionname> -f <another_functionname> -r <aws_region> -e <extension_version>
```

To fill in the placeholders:

-   Replace `<functionname>` and `<another_functionname>` with your Lambda function names.
-   Replace `<aws_region>` with the AWS region name.
-   Replace `<extension_version>` with the desired version of the Datadog Lambda Extension. The latest version is `{{< latest-lambda-layer-version layer="extension" >}}`.

For example:

```sh
datadog-ci lambda instrument -f my-function -f another-function -r us-east-1 -e {{< latest-lambda-layer-version layer="extension" >}}
```

> More information and additional parameters can be found in the [CLI documentation][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information and additional parameters can be found in [Datadog Serverless CLI][2].
```
